<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <link href="../Styles/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

  <title>TOC</title>
</head>

<body>
  <h2 id="toc" title="—Contents">CONTENTS.</h2>

  <div class="toc">
    <p id="tocA">—<a href="../Text/cover.xhtml">COVER</a></p>

    <p id="tocB">—<a href="../Text/titlepage.xhtml">TITLE PAGE</a></p>

    <p id="tocC">—<a href="../Text/about.xhtml">ABOUT THIS EBOOK</a></p>

    <p id="tocD">—<a href="../Text/toc.xhtml">CONTENTS</a></p>

    <p id="tocE">—<a href="../Text/loi.xhtml">LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS</a></p>

    <p id="tocF">—<a href="../Text/notice.xhtml">NOTICE</a></p>

    <p id="tocG">—<a href="../Text/explan.xhtml">EXPLANATORY</a><br />
    &nbsp;</p>
  </div>

  <div class="toc">
    <p id="toc1"><a href="../Text/ch01.xhtml#ch01">CHAPTER I.</a><br />
    Civilizing Huck. —Miss Watson. —Tom Sawyer Waits.</p>

    <p id="toc2"><a href="../Text/ch02.xhtml#ch02">CHAPTER II.</a><br />
    The Boys Escape Jim. —Tom Sawyer’s Gang. —Deep-laid Plans.</p>

    <p id="toc3"><a href="../Text/ch03.xhtml#ch03">CHAPTER III.</a><br />
    A Good Going-over. —Grace Triumphant. —“One of Tom Sawyers’s Lies”.</p>

    <p id="toc4"><a href="../Text/ch04.xhtml#ch04">CHAPTER IV.</a><br />
    Huck and the Judge. —Superstition.</p>

    <p id="toc5"><a href="../Text/ch05.xhtml#ch05">CHAPTER V.</a><br />
    Huck’s Father. —The Fond Parent. —Reform.</p>

    <p id="toc6"><a href="../Text/ch06.xhtml#ch06">CHAPTER VI.</a><br />
    He Went for Judge Thatcher. —Huck Decided to Leave. —Political Economy. —Thrashing Around.</p>

    <p id="toc7"><a href="../Text/ch07.xhtml#ch07">CHAPTER VII.</a><br />
    Laying for Him. —Locked in the Cabin. —Sinking the Body. —Resting.</p>

    <p id="toc8"><a href="../Text/ch08.xhtml#ch08">CHAPTER VIII.</a><br />
    Sleeping in the Woods. —Raising the Dead. —Exploring the Island. —Finding Jim. —Jim’s Escape. —Signs. —Balum.</p>

    <p id="toc9"><a href="../Text/ch09.xhtml#ch09">CHAPTER IX.</a><br />
    The Cave. —The Floating House.</p>

    <p id="toc10"><a href="../Text/ch10.xhtml#ch10">CHAPTER X.</a><br />
    The Find. —Old Hank Bunker. —In Disguise.</p>

    <p id="toc11"><a href="../Text/ch11.xhtml#ch11">CHAPTER XI.</a><br />
    Huck and the Woman. —The Search. —Prevarication. —Going to Goshen.</p>

    <p id="toc12"><a href="../Text/ch12.xhtml#ch12">CHAPTER XII.</a><br />
    Slow Navigation. —Borrowing Things. —Boarding the Wreck. —The Plotters. —Hunting for the Boat.</p>

    <p id="toc13"><a href="../Text/ch13.xhtml#ch13">CHAPTER XIII.</a><br />
    Escaping from the Wreck. —The Watchman. —Sinking.</p>

    <p id="toc14"><a href="../Text/ch14.xhtml#ch14">CHAPTER XIV.</a><br />
    A General Good Time. —The Harem. —French.</p>

    <p id="toc15"><a href="../Text/ch15.xhtml#ch15">CHAPTER XV.</a><br />
    Huck Loses the Raft. —In the Fog. —Huck Finds the Raft. —Trash.</p>

    <p id="toc16"><a href="../Text/ch16.xhtml#ch16">CHAPTER XVI.</a><br />
    Expectation. —A White Lie. —Floating Currency. —Running by Cairo. —Swimming Ashore.</p>

    <p id="toc16b"><a href="../Text/ch16b.xhtml#bigRaft">THE “BIG RAFT” EPISODE.</a><br />
    Visiting the Big Raft. —Tall Talk. —A Haunted Barrel. —Some Lively Lying. —Off and Overboard.</p>

    <p id="toc17"><a href="../Text/ch17.xhtml#ch17">CHAPTER XVII.</a><br />
    An Evening Call. —The Farm in Arkansaw. —Interior Decorations. —Stephen Dowling Bots. —Poetical Effusions.</p>

    <p id="toc18"><a href="../Text/ch18.xhtml#ch18">CHAPTER XVIII.</a><br />
    Col. Grangerford. —Aristocracy. —Feuds. —The Testament. —Recovering the Raft. —The Wood-pile. —Pork and Cabbage.</p>

    <p id="toc19"><a href="../Text/ch19.xhtml#ch19">CHAPTER XIX.</a><br />
    Tying Up Day-times. —An Astronomical Theory. —Running a Temperance Revival. —The Duke of Bridgewater. —The Troubles of Royalty.</p>

    <p id="toc20"><a href="../Text/ch20.xhtml#ch20">CHAPTER XX.</a><br />
    Huck Explains. —Laying Out a Campaign. —Working the Camp-meeting. —A Pirate at the Camp-meeting. —The Duke as a Printer.</p>

    <p id="toc21"><a href="../Text/ch21.xhtml#ch21">CHAPTER XXI.</a><br />
    Sword Exercise. —Hamlet’s Soliloquy. —They Loafed Around Town. —A Lazy Town. —Old Boggs. —Dead.</p>

    <p id="toc22"><a href="../Text/ch22.xhtml#ch22">CHAPTER XXII.</a><br />
    Sherburn. —Attending the Circus. —Intoxication in the Ring. —The Thrilling Tragedy.</p>

    <p id="toc23"><a href="../Text/ch23.xhtml#ch23">CHAPTER XXIII.</a><br />
    Sold. —Royal Comparisons. —Jim Gets Homesick.</p>

    <p id="toc24"><a href="../Text/ch24.xhtml#ch24">CHAPTER XXIV.</a><br />
    Jim in Royal Robes. —They Take a Passenger. —Getting Information. —Family Grief.</p>

    <p id="toc25"><a href="../Text/ch25.xhtml#ch25">CHAPTER XXV.</a><br />
    Is It Them?—Singing the “Doxologer.”—Awful Square—Funeral Orgies. —A Bad Investment.</p>

    <p id="toc26"><a href="../Text/ch26.xhtml#ch26">CHAPTER XXVI.</a><br />
    A Pious King. —The King’s Clergy. —She Asked His Pardon. —Hiding in the Room. —Huck Takes the Money.</p>

    <p id="toc27"><a href="../Text/ch27.xhtml#ch27">CHAPTER XXVII.</a><br />
    The Funeral. —Satisfying Curiosity. —Suspicious of Huck. —Quick Sales and Small.</p>

    <p id="toc28"><a href="../Text/ch28.xhtml#ch28">CHAPTER XXVIII.</a><br />
    The Trip to England. —“The Brute!”—Mary Jane Decides to Leave. —Huck Parting with Mary Jane. —Mumps. —The Opposition Line.</p>

    <p id="toc29"><a href="../Text/ch29.xhtml#ch29">CHAPTER XXIX.</a><br />
    Contested Relationship. —The King Explains the Loss. —A Question of Handwriting. —Digging up the Corpse. —Huck Escapes.</p>

    <p id="toc30"><a href="../Text/ch30.xhtml#ch30">CHAPTER XXX.</a><br />
    The King Went for Him. —A Royal Row. —Powerful Mellow.</p>

    <p id="toc31"><a href="../Text/ch31.xhtml#ch31">CHAPTER XXXI.</a><br />
    Ominous Plans. —News from Jim. —Old Recollections. —A Sheep Story. —Valuable Information.</p>

    <p id="toc32"><a href="../Text/ch32.xhtml#ch32">CHAPTER XXXII.</a><br />
    Still and Sunday-like. —Mistaken Identity. —Up a Stump. —In a Dilemma.</p>

    <p id="toc33"><a href="../Text/ch33.xhtml#ch33">CHAPTER XXXIII.</a><br />
    A Nigger Stealer. —Southern Hospitality. —A Pretty Long Blessing. —Tar and Feathers.</p>

    <p id="toc34"><a href="../Text/ch34.xhtml#ch34">CHAPTER XXXIV.</a><br />
    The Hut by the Ash Hopper. —Outrageous. —Climbing the Lightning Rod. —Troubled with Witches.</p>

    <p id="toc35"><a href="../Text/ch35.xhtml#ch35">CHAPTER XXXV.</a><br />
    Escaping Properly. —Dark Schemes. —Discrimination in Stealing. —A Deep Hole.</p>

    <p id="toc36"><a href="../Text/ch36.xhtml#ch36">CHAPTER XXXVI.</a><br />
    The Lightning Rod. —His Level Best. —A Bequest to Posterity. —A High Figure.</p>

    <p id="toc37"><a href="../Text/ch37.xhtml#ch37">CHAPTER XXXVII.</a><br />
    The Last Shirt. —Mooning Around. —Sailing Orders. —The Witch Pie.</p>

    <p id="toc38"><a href="../Text/ch38.xhtml#ch38">CHAPTER XXXVIII.</a><br />
    The Coat of Arms. —A Skilled Superintendent. —Unpleasant Glory. —A Tearful Subject.</p>

    <p id="toc39"><a href="../Text/ch39.xhtml#ch39">CHAPTER XXXIX.</a><br />
    Rats. —Lively Bedfellows. —The Straw Dummy.</p>

    <p id="toc40"><a href="../Text/ch40.xhtml#ch40">CHAPTER XL.</a><br />
    Fishing. —The Vigilance Committee. —A Lively Run. —Jim Advises a Doctor.</p>

    <p id="toc41"><a href="../Text/ch41.xhtml#ch41">CHAPTER XLI.</a><br />
    The Doctor. —Uncle Silas. —Sister Hotchkiss. —Aunt Sally in Trouble.</p>

    <p id="toc42"><a href="../Text/ch42.xhtml#ch42">CHAPTER XLII.</a><br />
    Tom Sawyer Wounded. —The Doctor’s Story. —Tom Confesses. —Aunt Polly Arrives. —Hand Out Them Letters.</p>

    <p id="toc43"><a href="../Text/ch43.xhtml#ch43">CHAPTER THE LAST.</a><br />
    Out of Bondage. —Paying the Captive. —Yours Truly, Huck Finn.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
